♪ (MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
I'm Kathryn McSorley-Jodell.
My husband, Walt Jodell,
and I are checking in.
I'm Harry. I'm the propri--
I run the place.
-WALT JODELL: Hey!
-(LAUGHING JOVIALLY)
-Happy Birthday, Walter.
-Cheers!
CARLEEN: Margaret and Miguel
aren't coming.
What? No. Since when?
-(GASPS) What was that?!
-WALT: It's Miguel!
That's not Margaret.
-I'm Jandice. Hi, you guys!
-Hi.
(EVERYONE CHEERS)
JANDICE:
Your friends are so funny.
-What is happening, here?
-(CACKLING LAUGH)
Wow, this is gonna be so fun.
You know what,
it might not be fun.
It might not be fun at all.
[TV static drones]
[bright tone]
[rock music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ My happy hour starts ♪
♪ At quarter to 3:00 ♪
♪ Just like a goddess, yeah ♪
♪ I'm parting the seas ♪
♪ Ooh, feel that fire ♪
♪ I'm a thousand degrees ♪
♪ Don't you want
to be like me? ♪
♪ Ow! ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Follow the leader ♪
[all shouting]
- [hollering]
- Hut!
Sol!
- Ow!
- I got it! I got it!
I got it! I got it!
[all hollering, cheering]
[laughter]
- Come on, come on,
come on, come on!
- ♪ I got the hunger,
and it tells me to win ♪
- Yes! Yes! Yes!
- And ready?
Go!
all: Yay!
Okay, stop doing that.
Ready? Go.
all: Yay!
- Hike!
- One, one thousand.
Two, one thousand.
Three, one thousand.
Four, one thousand.
- Ah!
all: Oh!
- Orvis!
- Oof!
- You all right, kid?
- Oh, my baby!
- I'm fine.
- How old are you?
What day is it?
What color is Mommy's hair?
- It changes all the time.
- Oh, he's agitated.
Do not move.
Lie down.
You could have a concussion.
Do you understand?
Don't move your head.
- I'm really sorry.
I play rugby
in a semiprofessional league,
and the instincts
just sort of took over.
- I-I just don't get it.
He wasn't even playing.
- What's the helmet for?
He's fine.
- Is he?
- Yeah.
I mean, he's smiling.
He doesn't have any bruises.
What do you say we get back
in the game?
- Please just walk away
from me.
- I'm gonna choose
not to take this personally
right now.
- Hey, you shouldn't, baby.
This is not about you.
- It's not about you.
It's because of you.
- Hey.
- I got him.
- Y'all sure are a weak lot.
You're lucky me
and my beautiful wife
didn't take one of our
famous three-day hikes.
- I don't like to walk fast.
- So Harry says
the nearest hospital
is 30 minutes away.
- But I'm happy to drive you.
Well, by that, I mean
Nan's happy to drive you
'cause I don't have a license.
I'm a drinker.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[tires squealing]
- [grunting]
Orvis!
Orvis, come on.
Come here.
[grunts]
[panting]
♪ ♪
For the love of God,
someone help me!
My son is injured!
Where is everyone?
- Hello?
- Help!
- Jimmy!
- Hey, Harry.
What's up?
- We need to see a doctor.
- Oh, man, I just feel so bad
that I ruined her whole plan.
- No, it's okay, baby.
It's just, it's tough
to watch Walt
get knocked around like that
all day.
He's such a good guy,
you know?
- Hey, hey, hey.
Come on, guys, come on.
Kathryn's not that bad.
She's tough, she's bitter,
she's hot with rage,
but she's not bad.
She loves intensely.
Isn't that something
to admire?
And she's very, very loyal.
- Oh, isn't that where
we passed that cute town?
That town was so cute.
Do you think they call it
Cute City?
- [laughs]
- Yeah, and it had
that cute bar.
How fun would it be to go
to that cute bar, you guys?
- Yeah.
- Oh, man, that would be
pretty cute.
- Are you saying
you don't want to go
to the hospital?
- I mean, it's not like we're
gonna be of any use at the ER.
I always get kicked out
of those places
when I try to heal.
- Yeah, yeah.
Hey, hey, you know what?
The best thing that we can do
right now
is to be as relaxed
and refreshed as possible
for when they return.
Right, hon?
- Honestly,
I just need a drink.
Whatever's gonna get me
out of this car.
- All right, new plan! Yes!
- Whoo-hoo!
- All right! Yeah!
- It's not a laser, is it?
- His reflexes are all good.
Sight's clear.
I honestly think
he just took a tumble.
But he's a tough guy.
Aren't you, Orvis?
- Don't agree
if you don't agree.
No, you're not, Orvis.
No, he's not--he's not tough.
Are you sure?
Is there--
is there any kind of MRI?
- Well, he's not complaining
of any specific injury.
- I meant a full-body scan.
- I don't even know
what that would mean.
- I think, uh,
what the lovely Dr. Chang
is saying is that, uh,
Orvis is fine, right?
You know, it's been scary,
but he's really
and truly fine, so...
- Have we got any sense
of what's happening
with his internal organs?
- I think if there were
any kind of rupture,
he would be expressing
more pain when I palpate him.
- Should I be continuing
to home palpate?
- I mean, I can't legally...
- [giggling]
- Tell you not to.
- That tickles.
- Last question:
how should I be continuing
to monitor him over
this next period of time?
- I think if you see any signs
of concussions
or he stops saying, "I'm fine,"
repeatedly.
But he really is fine.
- Well, thank you so much.
And--and you, too, Jimmy.
Appreciate it.
Well, I think that Dr. Chang
is a real sweetie.
- You know who isn't sweet?
Jandice.
She's not very sweet at all.
- What do you mean?
- I think she's dangerous.
She's a threat.
She has a messy approach
to human interaction.
Orvis, lie down.
- Come on, buddy.
- I feel as though someone
invited a coyote
to your birthday party.
And I don't care personally,
but I don't want her
to ruin the whole party.
- It was an accident, honey.
And Orvis saved us
a touchdown.
Right, buddy?
- She's nice.
So...
[goofily]
I say we just let it go
and we just start afresh,
you know?
- I don't know.
She freaks me out.
Where even is she, anyway?
[rock music playing
over speakers]
- What is this gonna be, huh?
- Whoa.
- It looks good
from the outside.
- This is so much better
than the hospital.
- [laughs]
- They have wings.
- Hey, you think
those pretzels are free?
- Holy shit, Carleen,
maybe they have napkins too.
[groans]
- Uh, hello, miss.
- [laughs]
Oh, my darlin'.
[laughs]
- Yee-ha.
My name is Clementine.
You're about to get
the best meal in the west.
No Wi-Fi, no laptops.
What can I get you?
- I got this, you guys.
Do you all do
jelly doughnut shots?
- Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, we do.
You're my kind of gal.
- [laughs]
You're my kind of gal, gal.
You look so familiar.
- I'm heavily featured
in much of Nan Goldin's
early work.
- Fuck, that's it.
- Mm-hmm.
- I'm sorry,
what's a jelly doughnut?
- Oh, it's a shot.
Equal parts Chambord
and RumChata.
- Oh, that's amazing,
and I haven't heard any
of those things.
- Two rounds.
- Um, do you have
a Dr Pepper for him?
- Uh, don't listen to her.
I'm fine.
What?
I know plenty of people
in program who have a drink
once in a while.
[all exclaiming]
- I love anything
that looks like pie.
- There we go.
- Whoo-hoo.
- All right, well, vamos.
Vamos, vamos.
- Ah, holy shit!
Holy shit, that tastes exactly
like a jelly fucking doughnut.
- Oh, my God,
you're totally right.
What kind of magic is this?
She's a witch!
[laughter]
- Told you!
- [laughs]
- You did. You did.
- Are you not gonna do a shot?
- [sighs]
I don't want one.
- That is rude.
Come on--hey, Sol.
Have one of these.
- Uh...
- Okay.
What?
- I got some wires
I think I could attach
to your chest.
- Are you still here?
- I'm plummeting.
Now that I've taken care
of my son,
my body is shutting down.
- Ma'am, you can't just--
- No, you don't understand.
Five years ago,
I had my tenth procedure
under anesthesia.
Complete hysterectomy.
- Hence her phantom periods.
- Her what?
- Different hospitals
call it different things.
Scoot over.
Any kind of stress can lead
to inflammation,
which affects my tissue issues
and also my general mood.
- We can't run any tests
on you.
You can't run any tests on you.
We'd have to do intake
if you want testing.
- Fine.
Gosh darn American
medical system--
and I'm privileged enough
to have health insurance.
I can't even get
the tests I need.
- You know what?
I'm gonna get the doctor.
- Oh, thank you.
[sighs]
Ow!
Walt, my shoulder.
- Sorry, honey.
- [whimpers]
Where the eff is everybody?
[laughter]
- Ventana,  window.
[cell phone ringing]
- Puerta.
- Door.
- Hey!
- It's Walt. It's Walt.
I gotta get it.
I gotta get this.
- All right.
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- Do you want us
to let you out?
- Oh, okay.
- We can let you out.
- Easy does it.
- All right.
- Tell him we can get there
if he needs us.
[laughs]
- Hello?
- George, hi.
- Walt, how is Orvis?
- Yeah, it's just
a little jostle.
He's fine, my brother.
- Pain is relative.
You know what I mean?
- Oh, thank God.
Really, thank God.
That is great news.
- Where are you?
- Uh...
we're at a--
a Howard Johnson's--
uh, Hojo's.
It sucks.
- Listen, brother, could you
get the steaks for dinner?
Kathryn's kind of freaking out.
- Steaks.
- Yeah, steaks.
Juicy steaks.
One per person.
They're at the store, McCall's.
They're all ordered
and paid for.
- McCall's, one per person.
On it, my brother!
- It's not even practical.
But it's not that bad
if there's lube.
- Hey, if you're gonna--
Can I--
Okay, I'll talk to you later.
- [laughs]
♪ ♪
- I said I was at a Hojo's.
Why did I lie?
Hojo's doesn't even exist
anymore.
- [scoffs]
You know what's not a lie?
How good these
jelly doughnut shots are.
- [laughs]
- It's official.
I like you.
[laughter]
Oh...
- Oh?
- And Orvis is alive.
[cheers]
- Told you, baby.
Corazón.
- I wanna go for a fucking walk
and explore this town.
Who is with me?
- I am in.
- I am in, too, baby.
I wanna explore the town,
and then I wanna explore
your body.
- Okay, I'm out.
- Ugh, I wanna move my legs.
I wanna walk.
- Yes, use those sexy
motherfucking lady walkers.
- How's it going?
- What's doing?
- I am gonna get
some bourbon in me.
- Oh, uh,
Nurse?
One bourbon, neat.
Done.
- Wow.
Thanks a million,
Little Chocolate.
So...
[sighs]
How's work?
- Uh, it's great.
- What are you having?
- Ro--rosé.
- Oh, yeah.
I don't like rosé.
Thank you, sir.
That's more like it.
[bell jingles]
- Après vous,
mademoiselle.
[laughs]
- This is magic.
Magic.
- Thank you, thank you.
We're very proud
of our collection.
- Oh, man, I-I used to hate
antique shops
when Margaret dragged me,
like, to buy a pair of stools
or a fucking accent pillow,
but this fucking cool.
- Look at these lederhosen.
- Nice.
- You'd be such a sexy baby
in some sexy baby lederhosen.
[both laugh]
Oh, can I see this ring?
- Oh, sure.
Absolutely.
- Wow.
- Let me get that for you.
That's opal and tourmaline.
Take a look.
- Gorgeous.
- Oh, my God, tourmaline.
I love tourmaline.
What is the provenance
of the ring?
- [groans]
- I'm sorry, the what?
- The provenance.
The--the history.
- Yeah, I-I know what it means.
I'm--I'm just so taken
by your accent.
- [laughs]
Oh, thank you very much.
- You're a little bit more--
Yeah.
- Yes, of course.
[laughs]
- Anyway, that has
a very interesting story.
That--that ring was given
to Liz Phair
by John Cusack.
- Shut up.
[scoffs]
Liz Phair literally
got me through college.
I mean, not that I finished,
but the part I did get through,
she got me through.
- She's spectacular.
- Wow.
- And that is beautiful on you.
- So, uh...
how much is that pretty piece?
- That's, uh, $5,000.
- Okay.
Wow, okay.
And not even a diamond.
[laughs]
- It's perfect for you.
- It's perfect.
- You are perfect.
I'm gonna find something
perfect for you back there.
- [laughs]
- Okay?
- [retches]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
- Nice.
- Uh, hey.
Hi.
- What up?
- Nothing much.
Just waiting for my dad.
He and his friends are drunk.
They'll probably have an orgy.
You?
- Just waiting for my brother.
He's buying weed
with his friend Stu.
I'm not gonna smoke any,
but I don't care
if they do it around me.
- Yeah, weed sucks.
I don't need a drug
to eat a lot.
- My name's Tyler.
- Cool, cool.
Sol. Solomon.
- Isn't that a boy's name?
- You have a boy's name.
- I'm not gay.
You know.
- Yeah.
Neither am I.
- [shouting]
- God, flex that muscle!
Oh, God!
- [shouting in Spanish]
- [screams]
- Yeah, um...
[clears throat]
Thank you for, uh,
helping me try on these pants.
[clears throat]
They look great.
[sniffles]
- [clears throat]
Oh, God.
- Hey, wait.
Fuck, I-I don't have
my wallet.
- Oh, God, that sucks.
- Fuck.
[groans]
I took it out of my pocket
to take my pants off
because they're stretch.
- Well, I'm gonna go check
on the others at the bar.
- Oh, wait.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What, you--you don't wanna stay
and do this thing with me?
- No, you got this.
That was so hot in there.
Your dick felt more like
a cock today.
You know what I mean?
- Fuck.
- You got this.
- You think so?
- Yes.
- I got it. I got it.
- Yum.
- I got it.
Okay.
Oh, uh, great.
You're still here.
Um...
look, I-I just wanted
to say, sir,
I'm sorry.
- You should be sorry.
That was visceral
and revolting.
I don't even normally
work here.
This is Gerald's thing.
I stay home with the dogs.
This is not a gay beach
in Puerto Vallarta.
- I know.
I know, I--hey, I don't know
why I did it.
Except I'm in
this new relationship, and--
and I have very little control
over my actions.
I-I guess it's because
I'm going through
this very hard divorce,
and whenever she desires me,
it makes me feel like
I-I have value again.
My house was...
was dark.
And she came in and turned
the lights on again.
- Sir, I just wiped
your semen off the floor
with a paper towel.
- What can I do
to make it up to you?
I'll do anything.
Of course, I will pay
for any...
damage to the property
that our sex caused.
- She loved that ring.
- You gotta let it go,
and you just gotta blow on.
You know?
[laughs]
Hey!
- Hi.
Oh, okay.
- Sit on down.
- Hi.
- [laughs]
♪ ♪
Why do you have that look?
- Uh, Joe's weird.
I don't think
he should be drinking.
- Why? What'd he do?
- He called me
Lil' Chocolate.
- [laughs]
What?
[stammers]
He did what?
- I was helping him
get a drink at the bar,
and then he said,
"Thanks a million,
Lil' Chocolate."
- [laughs]
Are you fucking serious?
Oh, that guy is fucking
asking for it.
I'm gonna fuck him up.
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Half my friends send me
black thumbs-up emojis.
- Who--who sends you
those emojis?
- It doesn't matter.
- No, I want fucking names.
- No.
- Who sends you black emojis?
- Don't say anything, okay?
- [sighs]
Okay.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
I love you so much.
♪ ♪
- Can we go yet?
- Soon.
We can go soon.
- Why not now?
- 'Cause we're waiting
to be discharged.
And we're also waiting to see
if either Orvis
or Mommy
loses consciousness.
- I feel fine.
- [breathes deeply]
- I feel good.
- That's the weird thing
about life, Orvie.
You can feel fine but also know
that you are
a ticking time bomb.
Your insides don't match
your outsides.
It's the scariest part
of being human.
I never want my Orvis
to experience it.
Not once.
Okay?
- You seem fine too.
- [sighs]
I'm not, though.
I'm not fine.
I'll struggle through--
I'll--I'll live
a vaguely normal life--
but I am not fine.
Physically--I mean,
emotionally,
I'm--I'm totally great...
It's your daddy's birthday.
And--ha--we have to be strong
for Daddy.
[laughs]
Hmm?
- ♪ Shake it up ♪
♪ Break the bubble ♪
♪ Break it up ♪
♪ Pour some sugar on me ♪
♪ Ooh, in the name of love ♪
- Hi, little boy.
Did your doggy run away?
- [growls]
[slurring]
Hey, Jandy.
Dandy-dandy.
[both laugh]
- How's it going?
- Uh...
it's going great.
It's the best day of my life.
I'm not sad.
I'm happy.
♪ ♪
- Welcome to Jandy's.
May I take your order?
- Uh...
- What are you coming off of?
- What? Nothing.
What--noth--
Oxy.
- Oh, fuck.
You got caught up
in that whole conspiracy?
- I know, right?
The fucking Sackler family
runs the entire
pharmaceutical industry,
and they convince these doctors
to prescribe
this heavy fucking narcotic
for basic injuries.
- Yes.
- It's such a dark part
of American history.
But yeah, I'm on them.
- I just get mine from dealers.
- Mm, smart.
- Do you want one?
- Want one what?
No--
What?
- Do you want it?
- No, I--
God damn it.
I shouldn't.
- Well, here's what I suggest.
You're feeling edgy...
- Yeah.
- You should journal...
- [sighs]
- And you should take
the fucking edge off.
- I fucking forgot my journal.
- Open your mouth.
Stick out your tongue.
- ♪ In the name of love ♪
♪ Pour some sugar on me ♪
- Ooh, whoo!
- Okay, go.
- ♪ Come on, fire me up ♪
♪ Pour your sugar on me ♪
- That'll take the edge off.
You know?
- Take the edge off?
Jandy, I don't want to take
the fucking edge off.
I prefer to feel
absolutely fucking nothing.
All right?
Like I'm frozen in ice.
- That is so smart.
♪ ♪
I think I'm gonna join you.
- [laughs]
Where the fuck
did you come from?
- Oakland.
[toilet flushes]
[Tommy Tutone's
"867-5309/Jenny" playing]
- Hello.
- Holy fuck.
[both laugh]
That was a good one.
- Yeah.
- What are you doing?
- What am I doing?
What are you doing?
I was taking a shit.
- Oh.
- What is this,
one of your bits?
- No, it's not a fucking bit.
I just heard that you called
my long-term partner--
the love of my life,
Nina-Joy--
Lil' Chocolate.
♪ ♪
- Did I? I don't...
[laughs]
- [snorts] You don't even
fucking remember.
- Hey, man, listen,
I'm a nickname guy, you know?
I come up with nicknames
for people.
George--
What's up, George Bush?
- And you think Lil' Chocolate
is an appropriate nickname
for a beautiful woman
of color?
Is that what you think?
- [laughs]
Listen, man, I don't...
I--hey, I didn't--
I didn't mean anything by it,
so it's just--it's not--
Okay--whoa!
What the--
- You didn't mean anything
by it?
You didn't mean
anything by it?
I guess the KKK doesn't mean
anything by it either, huh?
They're just wearing
their sheets
'cause they're shy, right?
- Oh, you know what?
Dude, take it easy, all right?
Don't forget that
I was also married
to a beautiful black woman.
At least I was until she died
a tragic death.
- Oh, so that makes it
okay, huh?
I bet you use black emojis,
too, don't you, motherfucker?
Huh?
- What?
- Oh, yeah.
- No, you know what?
Now that I think about it...
- Yeah?
- I didn't call her
Lil' Chocolate.
- Right, of course you didn't.
- I called her
Little Chocolate.
It's totally different, man.
Are you serious right now?
Are we still doing a bit?
- I'm serious as
a fucking heart attack, man!
So here's the deal:
you are not going to speak
to Nina-Joy for the rest
of the trip.
No hello,
no, "Hey, did you see
the new episode
of 'Young Sheldon'?"
Fucking nothing.
- Don't even watch that show.
- I don't know if you're aware
of this--or maybe your head
is just that far up
your own ass--
but this country
is in the middle
of a fucking race war,
and you are either
a part of the problem
or part of the solution.
And I am diagnosing you
as part of the fucking problem.
♪ ♪
- Okay.
Okay.
- Okay, you know what?
I feel like this is
an overreaction,
and so I'm gonna walk away.
- Yeah. Yeah.
And I am not afraid
to come at you
with my physical body,
my friend.
- Okay, you fucking wouldn't.
- Oh, I sure as Shelly would.
And by the way, I boom-opped
the Robert Downey Jr. episodes
of "Ally McBeal,"
so I'm pretty sure I know
what drug withdrawal
looks like.
So enjoy rocking
back and forth
and shitting your pillow,
you fucking animal.
Tee-hee!
[laughs oddly]
- Back when I was drinking,
I had this pesky habit
of slipping on my own vomit.
[audience laughter]
- Tale as old as time.
- We'd better get back
before sundown.
Nan's got a bad case
of nyctophobia
with a side of achluophobia.
[indistinct speech on TV]
- What are--
what are those things?
- That'd be fear of the dark
followed by a fear
of a second World War II,
stemming from her belief
in reincarnation
and her strong sense that
Hitler's on his way back to us.
- Okay, got it.
Please don't mention
those things to Kathryn.
- I won't.
You really look out for her,
don't you?
- Kathryn's sensitive.
- To ghosts?
- What?
No, I-I mean emotionally.
- Oh, I understand.
Mine's quite sensitive
as well.
Sometimes I feel like her grief
could swallow the whole world.
- Uh, grief over what?
- Uh, I never asked.
That's the thing about women.
They're mysterious.
They're like bats
or night hedgehogs
or something.
They're only seen
when they want to be seen,
and other than that, you're
just living in their world.
And sometimes we don't even
understand what kind
of world that is.
- [sighs]
- You watch out for yourself.
Okay?
And never, ever put down
the knife.
- The knife?
- The knife.
- Is that a metaphor or...
- Yeah.
You know what?
We gotta get out of here.
You feel good, brother?
- Sure.
- I like you.
[cheerful music]
♪ ♪
- You know, I'd really rather
give her the front.
- I'm trying to help you out,
Walt.
I want you
to claim your power.
Now, she's gonna sit
in the back,
and she's gonna like it.
And tonight you'll see--
you got yourself a good girl.
- Okay.
The knife.
♪ ♪
- Oh, God.
This is so scary.
It's getting so hairy
to navigate out there.
It's fucking pitch-black.
And where are even
Carleen and Joe?
I can't see their car.
- Dead in a ditch
would be rad.
- Oh, fuck!
- What?
- [laughs]
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, no.
It's, uh--yeah.
I know we're in a dark forest,
but if anybody sees
a Ralphs...
- [scoffs]
Fuck Ralphs.
I was banned from Ralphs.
- Really?
- Apparently you can't sell
your own yogurt.
- Oh.
- Is everything okay?
- I forgot the steaks.
One steak per person.
That's what they asked for,
and I got...
- No steaks per person!
- [laughs]
[both laugh]
- Kathryn's gonna
fucking kill me.
- Yeah.
[crickets chirping
- This is tomorrow's breakfast.
I mean, just in case
you're wondering.
I'm never getting
that money back for the steaks.
Has anyone bothered
to Venmo me yet?
- Kathryn, I don't have
reception here.
- Exactly, which is why
I asked everyone
to do it before we came.
I'm not feeling very well.
- Wasn't this
the best day ever, you guys?
[laughing]
So fun.
[laughing maniacally]
[tense music]
[laughter echoing]
- Ugh.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Bad bitch that's down
for whatever ♪
♪ Call her Mighty Mouse ♪
♪ 'Cause she fly
for the cheddar ♪
♪ She a promise for a king,
she'll keep it with her ♪
♪ Brain from the god
and ass from the ghetto ♪
♪ Sweet in the streets,
but between the sheets ♪
♪ Just to say the least,
this bitch the devil ♪
♪ She say I'ma go
through hell for the pussy ♪
♪ And I proceeded
to grab a shovel ♪
♪ Oh, my God, I'm fucked up ♪
♪ What this girl done
done to me? ♪
♪ She said, "Daddy, wake up ♪
♪ "Eat this pill
right off of me ♪
♪ "Come on, Daddy, drink up ♪
♪ "This that life,
that's fine for me ♪
♪ "Come on, baby, keep up ♪
♪ "You want some of me? ♪
♪ You want all of me?" ♪
♪ And she like,
"Brace yourself, nigga ♪
♪ "Go on, brace yourself ♪
♪ "You really wanna roll? ♪
♪ "Brace yourself, nigga ♪
♪ "Go on, brace yourself ♪
♪ "You really wanna go? ♪
♪ "Brace yourself, nigga ♪
♪ "Go on, brace yourself ♪
♪ "You think you that cold? ♪
♪ "Brace yourself ♪
♪ Go on, brace yourself" ♪
♪ Now we in the Uber ♪
♪ I'm tweaking like a fiend
for some water ♪
♪ She said, "King,
don't hold back, baby ♪
♪ "It's time to go harder ♪
♪ "Just one more puff
of the blunt ♪
♪ And you'll be
my number one" ♪
♪ I hit that shit
and fell back ♪
♪ She dropped a bean
on my tongue ♪
♪ And now I'm lifted,
I'm in outer space ♪
♪ My nose running,
can't feel my face ♪
♪ My eyes twitch
and hands start to shake ♪
♪ But the crazy thing about
it's that I'm feeling great ♪
♪ No appetite
and I ain't even ate ♪
♪ But I think a nigga's
starting to hallucinate ♪
♪ This bitch turn into
Tony the Tiger ♪
♪ With a nose filled
with Frosted Flakes ♪
♪ Oh, my God, I'm fucked up ♪
♪ What this bitch done
done to me? ♪
♪ She said, "Daddy, wake up ♪
♪ Eat this pill
right off of me" ♪
[bright tone]
WALT JODELL: Try not to be
too harsh on Jandice.
She has a good heart.
Miguel wouldn't love her
otherwise.
Love her? He's known her
three weeks! That's not love.
♪ (MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
Change is important.
Oh! No, thank you. I don't think
that's a good idea.
Jandice and me,
we're in this discovery stage,
emotionally and sexually.
I know you've all noticed
a change in Kathryn.
-It's been pretty hard.
-(ZIPPER PULLS)
-(WALT YELPS)
-We don't have sex.
Holy...
I-- I suspected as much.